hey guys what's happening my name is
your eggs well today is kind of a crappy
day on the on the news front in the
world of MMOs and mmorpgs there are some
layoffs today at SOE and so kind of just
wanted to talk about that with you guys
this is a reaction video this is my
personal opinions I'm gonna read some
stuff as well but this is my personal
opinions and reactions to the news today
I'm personally kind of pissed off we'll
go into that in a minute and kind of
bummed out as well so but yeah there
were some layoffs today at SOE I don't
know if you guys know this but I think
eyes of a week ago soe was bought out so
let me just pull this up real quick and
we can go from it Suzie for really big
part of MMORPG she's she's a great
writer she wrote this today Alex let's
just give it a quick quick read here
when SOE turned into daybreak game
studio after being acquired by
investment company Columbus Nova readers
began to speculate when staff shakeups
would begin a week later rumors are
beginning to float our way that at least
two major players at daybreak have
received pink slips posts on social
media from both Dave Jordan and Linda
Carlson has been let go from their work
at the studio dave was the franchise
lead behind all EverQuest titles I love
Dave he's awesome i'm going off the
record here this is ridiculous he is
EverQuest I mean the guy is amazing and
he's a talented guy he's a genius at
what he does and so I'm just a little
bit confused in my opinion why they let
him go I think this is more of a money
issue I think maybe you have an exact at
the top that might be focused on making
those dollar bills and less on
creativity that's just my opinion but
who knows exactly what obviously is
happening in the background I don't work
it as a way so I have no clue but again
just my two cents and so it looks like
there was an update here that they wrote
let's see what it what it says this is
from the daybreak games team okay dear
players partners and friends last week
we announced that we would that we were
acquired n are now operating
independently as daybreak game company
to better position our newly independent
studio for future growth opportunities
and to deliver on our legacy we have had
to make some tough choices including
realignment of resources unfortunately
this realignment means adjusting
staffing as well we announced today that
we will eliminate positions in our San
Diego and Austin studios we deeply value
our employees and never take these two
slightly so we've done our best to do
what's right for the people affected
although extremely difficult these are
necessary actions that will ultimately
drive improved results and help
strengthen our company's foundation for
success many of us are saying goodbye to
close friends and colleagues who we
worked with over the years and we are
grateful for the memories and all that
they've contributed this will be greatly
they will be greatly missed and we wish
them nothing but the best for the future
these reductions will not affect the
operation of our current games and as
mentioned above will help better
position our company for future success
as we move forward we are committed to
delivering the best online games and
working side by side with our players to
dry the future of our online games blah
blah blah blah blah daybreak game
company yadda yadda yadda anyways um so
that's the news today Davis let go as
well as Linda and who knows looks like
other people were let go from SOE as
well the Austin studio as well as San
Diego so kind of a crappy day on that
front what do you guys think this is
again this is a reaction video this is
kind of my reaction but I really want to
get your feedback in opinions this does
happen in the industry this is part of
gaming sometimes people will let go from
games and sometimes management has their
own I guess ideas for the game you know
obviously there is a difference of
opinion who knows the details beyond
that but for me at least i'm personally
bummed davis is awesome and so that's
that's a bummer but you know I'm sure
he'll easily go someplace else and make
it magical which he has done for years
and years with EverQuest so all right
thanks again for watching we'll see you
soon